the dark red animated on the island of
retreat and certainly this face is
anxious for the new duel against the saint
cross is if it's going to be any different
this year is going to be very different a lot
confident god wills staying
Restricted to gods
that confident way and it does not seem
that boy from a year ago
Yeah
this was in the final of the Pernambuco
2003 santa cruz and sport in the decision and
each defender of the tricolor goalkeeper
He was a god.
O
with impeccable performance, tiago cardoso
guaranteed the tricampeonato for the saint
cross
besides leaving this red-black nerves
the past is gone but the present is in the
competition is vague in the decision of the
state
the reunion to kill in the world and the
different silver nor the distance it was
I need to face tiago
cardoso will leave with the victory that
It's over, this year is not going to be for him.
It's only going to have a god bless it, it's just
the ball rolling they score begins a show at the
part
support nervousness and irritation sensations
of the most varied possible
and when the rival makes that defense
marking gets enraged will be the repetition
of a film already seen marking does not know more
James Cardoso tries to write the same
story
end of the first half and like all
fan is a technician with Marcao is not
different
I came back with the same team the team is
not bad okay're playing well're putting
the ball entering the ball entering also goes
hold and leave with only ball going
enter if god wants ball in game on
final stage and when the sport balance
twice the network of James the
arbitration cancels what is to stay
uncontrolled
it was miserable
when it seemed that James Cardoso and
to win the duel a goal
can celebrate giving him the shirt but still
have the penalties already know the same
was being attacked all the time can
remembered the keeper gaga baby in the
turkey he will not get the same
God willing you will be victorious here and
carioca ige already saw in the collection of
penalty kick knows how sadness is
joy again sadness again
only improves when skin comes into play
in the emotion get complete grand baiano
exp.
and it makes marking play this time of much
joy